I think we all have been in abusive or
toxic relationships especially in love
relationships if you want to call it
that way and we are so quick to judge
the other person we are so quick to
point our fingers and say it's this
person's fault but the reality is if you
attract the same kind of person in
different persons then there is
something in you that is attracting
these kind of relationships hi my name
is michaa and this video is about dating
and ending the cycle of toxic
relationships just a disclaimer at the
beginning I do not want to say with
anything in this video that anything is
your fault anything someone else has
done to you which was maybe traumatizing
really painful really hurtful that's not
what I want to say that's not what this
video is about but I want you to take
accountability and change something in
you in order to not attract or let these
kind of people anymore inside of your
life let's get into this as I mentioned
before I think we have all been in toxic
abusive relationships if not lucky you
then this video is probably not for you
but for the ones who have been I know
it's really traumatizing and I know it's
really painful important is that you do
not close your heart because to have a
mindset of everyone out there is toxic
everyone out there is bad there are only
bad men out there there are only
cheating men out there that's just not
the truth there are so many people there
are so many men and women out there who
are not toxic who are healthy who are
having healthy relation ships having
healthy connections with each other and
that's there for you too you just have
to maybe change some in the way you're
seeing the world the way you're seeing
relationships and the way you're dating
literally first of all I want you to
look back and look in your family how
are the relationships between men and
women in your family most of the time
beliefs from our families which are not
really helping us in order to get the
relationship we actually crave we
actually want to get the connection we
deserve and if we have a mom or if we
have parents who are divorced of course
it's something in US engraved that we
believe it's difficult it's hard to have
a successful relationship so I want you
to get through your mind get through
your experiences and write down your
beliefs even if you had perfect parents
and they still together loving but you
have had many traumatizing relationships
where was cheating where was toxic and
abusive behavior in it this creates
beliefs in us which are attracting more
of this if we keep this belief so I want
you to sit down and think about it write
down what are your core beliefs about
relationships do you believe you are
worth of a loving relationship do you
believe there are men out there who can
give you what you want or do you believe
that you're asking for too much write
down all your beliefs and just keep in
check which ones are helpful for you and
which ones are actually controlling you
which beliefs are more or less
sabotaging you to get a healthy
relationship with someone then I want
you to think about your perfect
relationship your perfect partner what
do you actually want do you want a
situationship do you want to have just
fun do you want to have something stable
do you want to have someone taken care
of you do you want to have someone you
can have a family with write down what
do you want in a relationship and who
this person should be not
does this person have a six-pack or how
does this person look that's maybe an
important plus afterwards but those are
not core qualities which you need to be
very sure of what do you want and what
you don't want and once you have written
down all these things you have explored
your whole mind and you you know exactly
what you want then the next time you are
dating you make sure this person does
take all your boxes this person is
exactly what you want and how are you
doing that you're doing that by not over
sharing on your first date already what
you want because believe me or not as
humans are manipulative maybe
consciously maybe unconsciously but we
all are manipulative to have what we
want so if there is a person who wants
to get you in bed but you are telling
this man I dream of having a family I
dream of having a big house and five
kids and getting married this man will
tell you everything you want in order to
get you in bed because that's what he
wants not because of bad intentions but
for him it's important to get what he
wants first same as for you it's
important should be important to get
what you want first you do not want to
cross any of your boundaries you do not
want to cross any of your boxes that are
important for you for a relationship in
order to make this man happy no because
the more often you are crossing your own
boundaries the more this man is thinking
wow what a special guy must I be in
order to get this special treatment from
a girl like her that's what this man
will be thinking and it doesn't make him
respect you more and it also doesn't
make you respect yourself more every
time you are crossing your boundaries in
order to satisfy someone else you are
literally betraying yourself you are
losing self-respect and you are losing
respect from that other person on your
first date you need to make sure this
man has what you want what you
need if you want a family ask yourself
does this man have qualities of being a
good husband does this man have
qualities of being a good father mother
of my child and what are these qualities
if you have not written it down if you
have not thought about this before it's
difficult to see in a person if he
really has that qualities but a man who
has zero money who is living with his
parents who has zero aspirations in life
who has no purpose in life a man who is
lost with himself a man who does not
want to take care of his woman a man who
does not not even want to have a family
all of these things if a man cannot
provide for a family how do you think
this man will ever be a good husband how
do you want to have a family how do you
want to take care you as a woman how do
you want to take care of a family while
you're pregnant like seriously think
about that that's not your job men and
women are wired completely differently a
man is wired to take care of his family
a man gets
Satisfaction by taking care of his woman
by taking care of his family that's what
a man is naturally wired for and if a
man is not wired for this then what do
you find attractive in this man do you
want to be with a man or do you want to
be with a woman I'm not saying you
should look for money I'm not saying you
should look for a rich guy and marry him
because he's Rich no I'm saying you
should look for someone you truly like
but if you want to have a family think
about your future does this man have the
qualities to take care of you and your
family is this man able to take his
genitals in his pants while you're
pregnant what are these men's core
values these are the questions you must
ask yourself and you must ask this man
in order to get to know him in order to
get to know if he does even fit your
needs because honey guess what if you do
not do that if you're not making sure
this man does take all of your boxes if
you're not making sure this man is even
able to give you what you need then you
will end up in a toxic relationship
willingly or
unwillingly a person who is not what you
want you can never make this person to
be what you want you cannot change a man
completely you cannot change a man from
not wanting family at all from not
wanting to take care of his own life
with giving him what he wants if you
give him what he wants and you think
that's what makes him change that what
makes him finally see you as who you are
that's what makes him finally want the
family because you're so special you are
wrong honey if you do that you are just
disrespecting yourself you are just
stepping over your own boundaries and
you will feel empty and lost after that
you will feel lost in that case you will
lose in that case literally there are
just two variants either you give this
man what he wants and he will leave you
after or you do not give this man what
he wants and he will leave you because
he doesn't get what he want in any ways
you are losing out in this situation so
make sure once you are dating someone
make sure this is the person you want
this is the person that can give you
exactly what you need and honey of
course it's different if you just want
to have fun if you just want to go jump
into the bed with someone and just want
to give yourself that's a different case
but do you really want wants this
because usually as women we really crave
connection we really crave love
relationships We crave that that's our
nature We crave Harmony that's what we
want that's our nature and sometimes we
get it mixed up we are saying yes to
something because we think that's what
we want but in the end that's not what
we want we want connection and in order
to get that connection we are saying yes
to something we actually do not want so
we are preferring instant gratification
that makes us feel even more empty so
please think about it very carefully if
that's really what you want at the end
of the day as harsh as it sounds you are
the reason why you are attracting toxic
and abusive relationships in your life
you are letting these people come into
your your life you are giving them space
to do that it does not excuse anything
this person or any person did to you but
you need to break that cycle you need to
say no you need to say no to everything
that does not align with what you want
you are not asking for too much you do
not need to change or to give something
you don't want to give in order to get
what you want that's also kind of
manipulation but you are manipulating
yourself in order to get some fake
closeness some fake relationship some
fake connection for that instant
gratification that doesn't really make
you happy at all so honey please I beg
you do these steps think about
everything I said twice I do not want
you to feel like you are the responsible
one for any action or anything that
happen to you but you are responsible
for who you let into your life for who
you live into your life you are
responsible for letting people who do
not give you what you want in your life
even if you are already in a
relationship and the relationship is
abusive and toxic I know it's easier
said than done to just leave the time
will come where you say enough is enough
you will come to a point where you will
say enough is enough and from then on
you need to make sure to never ever let
these kind of people come into your life
and that's work that doesn't happen
overnight that's work you need to do
with yourself you need to sit with
yourself and give yourself that
connection that you crave first give
yourself that love that you crave first
we all can say yeah but I love myself
you are not loving your yourself if you
let other people disrespect you that's
impossible if you let someone else
disrespect you over and over and over
again you cannot love yourself don't
tell me that with that said I want to
end this video I really want you to
finally break this cycle of toxic
relationships it's possible it's so
possible there are so many men out there
who are great men and can provide you
everything you ever want and never
forget you're not alone in this we are
all going through the same thing thank
you so much for watching I love you so
so much and I see you in my next video
bye-bye